Lily: Darren
Luke: Sharren
Adam: Aaron
Charlotte: Lauren
Elspeth: Karen

Darren and Sharren standing outside Aaron’s house.

Sharren: (worried.) What am I going to do, Aaron can’t keep his temper with this sort of thing.

Darren: Don’t worry, if anything happens I’ll be out here.

Sharren: Alright, (turns and enters the house)

Aaron: happily Oh hello!

Sharren: Hey… I need to talk to you about something.

Aaron: ...okay?

Sharren: I’m having a kid

Aaron: This is great!

Sharren: But it isn’t yours

Aaron: (shouting) you what mate, I can’t believe it! (Raises fist as if to hit Sharren) you’re really done this time.

Sharren: (ducks to avoid swinging fist) help!

Darren: (storms inside)

Darren: Get away from her!

Karen: (hears the shouting enters the stage from the back) Whats going on!

Aaron: Your mother has been cheating on me!

Karen: But i thought...

Aaron: ...Shut it Karen!

Darren: What was she going to say?

Karen: That Aaron also has been...

Aaron: (in rage pushes Karen to the ground)

Karen: (falls to floor, lifeless)

Sharren: (concerned) You bloody killed her!

Aaron: (unconcerned) She's just joking around(pauses, more agressive tone) She's just joking around!

Sharren: Your gonna go to the slammer for that!

Aaron: (worried) I'm just gonna go grab some milk (runs out of stage)

Sharren: That doesn't work on me! (chases Aaron off the stage)

Darren: (calls for ambulance)(split scene with Lauren) Help, my friends daughter has been pushed over and she's out cold

Lauren: Is the patient breathing?

Darren: Yes but her breaths are light.

Lauren: What address are you calling from?

Darren: 0161 Manny on the map

Lauren: What number are you calling from?

Darren: 0161 2394 12903

Lauren: I'll be on my way. (split scene over)( walks over to Darren)

Darren: thank god you are here!

Lauren: Oh my! What happened (now do some medical magic idk)

Karen: (wake up) That Aaron has also been... Wait who are you?

Lauren: I'm Lauren. You must have had a rough fall.

Darren:(looks aroud nervously)

Karen: Where did Aaron and Sharren go?

Darren: I'll need a few minutes to explain this one.

And they all lived happily ever after, Aaron adopting a new name Camren and a new home in Mexico.




